README.md, before:

Play Silhouette Angular Seed Project
=====================================

The Play Silhouette Angular Seed project shows how [Silhouette](https://github.com/mohiva/play-silhouette) can be used 
to create a SPA with AngularJS and Play scaffolded by [yeoman](https://github.com/tuplejump/play-yeoman). 
It's a starting point which can be extended to fit your needs.

## Features

* Sign Up
* Sign In (Credentials)
* Dependency Injection with Guice
* Publishing Events

## Documentation

Consulate the [Silhouette documentation](http://docs.silhouette.mohiva.com/) for more information. If you need help with the integration of Silhouette into your project, don't hesitate and ask questions in our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/play-silhouette) or on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/playframework).

## Getting started

1. Make sure u have [npm](https://npmjs.org/), [yo](http://yeoman.io), [grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) and [bower](http://bower.io/) installed.
2. Start sbt and run the following -

```
$ update

$ npm install

$ bower install

$ run
```

# License

The code is licensed under [Apache License v2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

Add work in progress note

README.md, after:

Play Silhouette Angular Seed Project
=====================================

The Play Silhouette Angular Seed project shows how [Silhouette](https://github.com/mohiva/play-silhouette) can be used 
to create a SPA with AngularJS and Play scaffolded by [yeoman](https://github.com/tuplejump/play-yeoman). 
It's a starting point which can be extended to fit your needs.

**Warning:** This project is currently work in progress.

## Features

* Sign Up
* Sign In (Credentials)
* Dependency Injection with Guice
* Publishing Events

## Documentation

Consulate the [Silhouette documentation](http://docs.silhouette.mohiva.com/) for more information. If you need help with the integration of Silhouette into your project, don't hesitate and ask questions in our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/play-silhouette) or on [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/playframework).

## Getting started

1. Make sure u have [npm](https://npmjs.org/), [yo](http://yeoman.io), [grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) and [bower](http://bower.io/) installed.
2. Start sbt and run the following -

```
$ update

$ npm install

$ bower install

$ run
```

# License

The code is licensed under [Apache License v2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
